** 2025-09-09 15:26

Codex, you will take over this project from Claude Code. Investigate
it's contents and try to learn as much as possible about it. Describe
your findings here and if possible add them to your project memory.

** 2025-09-09 15:33

Fix the minor issues.

** 2025-09-09 15:34

Fix the remaining issues to your liking.

** 2025-09-09 15:37

Good, add, commit and push.

** 2025-09-09 15:49

Good. Add, commit and push. After trying make qa I notice that the
vulture tests isn't relevant at this stage in the project. Make them
optional and don't run them unless I tell you too. When that's done,
add, commit and push.

** 2025-09-09 15:55

Add a GitHub Actions workflow mirroring make ci.

** 2025-09-09 16:40

There was a failure in the CI run, I've downloaded logs and put them
in './logs_45111281811/'. Investigate and fix. If it's not a config
issue, create a test and iterate TDD-style on it untill it's
fixed. When done, add commit and push.

** 2025-09-09 17:46

The CI run failed again with this message:

  RequiredDependencyException: pangocairo >= 1.30.0 is required

Fix.

** 2025-09-09 18:54

Add a README note about the new QA split and how to enable manim
locally. Add, commit & push when done.

** 2025-09-09 18:55

Later. Imitate the Sphinx documentation procedure from
~/src/mine/stenkoll. Add, commit & push when done.

** 2025-09-09 19:02

Yes. Do both. Add, comitt and push when done.

** 2025-09-09 19:18

Can problems like the one we had with the CI pipeline just now be
avoided by installing a pre-commit hook? If so install one, then
commit and push when done.

** 2025-09-09 22:16

I see several failures when I run 'make qa'. Iterate and fix until all
of 'make qa' can run without errors or warnings.

** 2025-09-10 13:58

Implement a small CLI tool that will be used to perform reading/and
writing of ReMarkable notebooks in the future.

** 2025-09-10 14:08

Commit & push what you've done so far. I'm having trouble finding the
CLI on my commandline. I have activated the rmfiles venv, but it
doesn't seem there? If not, ensure that it's installed, then document
how to use it / find it. If needed add documents about the CLI in the
docs/decisions directory.  When done documenting, commit & push.

** 2025-09-10

Good, commit & push. Start developing a subpackage in rmfiles,
=rmfiles.rmdoc=, that should be able too read and write the =.rmdoc=
archive format. Read ./docs/decisions/0003-rmdoc-archive-format.rst if
you haven't already. Use a TDD methodology.

** 2025-09-10 15:21

Pin rmscene to the version we are using right now.

** 2025-09-10 15:30

Pin rmscene in CI as well. Commit & push when done.

** 2025-09-10 15:37

Yes, update docs.yml to install requirements.txt alongside QA deps to
futureâ€‘proof. Commit & push when done.

** 2025-09-10 16:25

Add, commmit & push. Then proceed too iterate on 'make qa' untill any
failures or warnings are fixed.
